README.md, before:

# Web Development Final Project - *Hop On*

Submitted by: **David Valdes**

This web app: **insert description**

Time spent: **X** hours spent in total

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [X] **A create form that allows the user to create posts**
- [X] **Posts have a title and optionally additional textual content and/or an image added as an external image URL**
- [X] **A home feed displaying previously created posts**
- [X] **By default, the time created, title, and number of upvotes for each post is shown on the feed**
- [X] **Clicking on a post shall direct the user to a new page for the selected post**
- [X] **Users can sort posts by either their created time or upvotes count**
- [X] **Users can search for posts by title** 
- [X] **A separate post page for each created post, where any additional information is shown is linked whenever a user clicks a post**
- [X] **Users can leave comments underneath a post on the post's separate page**
- [X] **Each post should have an upvote button on the post's page. Each click increases its upvotes count by one and users can upvote any number of times**
- [X] **A previously created post can be edited or deleted from its post page**

The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [ ] Users can only edit and deleted posts or delete comments by entering the secret key, which is set by the user during post creation
- [ ] Upon launching the web app, the user is assigned a random user ID. It will be associated with all posts and comments that they make and displayed on them.


- [ ] Users can repost a previous post by referencing its post ID. On the post page of the new post, the referenced post is displayed and linked, creating a thread
- [ ] Users can customize the interface of the web app
- [ ] Users can share and view web videos
- [ ] Users can set flags while creating a post. Then users can filter posnts by flags on the home feed.
- [ ] Users can upload images directly from their local machine as an image file
- [X] Display a loading animation whenever data is being fetched

The following **additional** features are implemented:

* [ ] List anything else that you added to improve the site's functionality!

## Video Walkthrough


## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

## License

    Copyright [2024] [David Valdes]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Uodated read me and added commas to count on games page

README.md, after:

# Web Development Final Project - *Hop On*

Submitted by: **David Valdes**

This web app: **Hop On is a dynamic web application designed to connect gamers around the world. It offers a community-driven platform where users can create posts about upcoming gaming sessions, find and join games, and interact through comments and upvotes. The app streamlines the process of scheduling game times, browsing game titles and details, and enhances user engagement with robust social features, making it easier for gamers to connect and hop on their next adventure together.**

Time spent: **50** hours spent in total

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [X] **A create form that allows the user to create posts**
- [X] **Posts have a title and optionally additional textual content and/or an image added as an external image URL**
- [X] **A home feed displaying previously created posts**
- [X] **By default, the time created, title, and number of upvotes for each post is shown on the feed**
- [X] **Clicking on a post shall direct the user to a new page for the selected post**
- [X] **Users can sort posts by either their created time or upvotes count**
- [X] **Users can search for posts by title** 
- [X] **A separate post page for each created post, where any additional information is shown is linked whenever a user clicks a post**
- [X] **Users can leave comments underneath a post on the post's separate page**
- [X] **Each post should have an upvote button on the post's page. Each click increases its upvotes count by one and users can upvote any number of times**
- [X] **A previously created post can be edited or deleted from its post page**

The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [X] Display a loading animation whenever data is being fetched

The following **additional** features are implemented:

* [X]Users can set a specific time for their gaming sessions when creating a post, which is then displayed in the feed and post page
* [X]Integrated feature to search for and select video games from an external API during post creation and editing, enriching posts with game-related information and images.
* [X]On each individual post, users can access each posts individual game detail page, accessing more intricate details about the video game being posted about.
* [X]Comments section on each individual post created by users
* [X]Browse all games with a games list, filters, and search bar in a separate games page, querying an external API to browse all games available using RAWG's API and database.
* [X]About page explaining the site on a separate page with all of the features available to users

## Video Walkthrough
 

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

## License

    Copyright [2024] [David Valdes]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
